Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
Date: 17 Sept 2021 - (3pm Spanish time)
## Roll call:
* Emma 
* Carla
* CÃ©line
* Javi
* Juanjo

## Agenda:
1. Conference feedback & IPS committee - ideas for other members
2. Pangaea - contact made - going forward - costs
3. Onboarding Celine- training started - official start date is 15th October.
4. EOSC-life presentation - reworked IMPR presentation in EOSC-life template here 
5. FAIR assessment - search methodology + how to work collaboratively doing this
6. Community building - what activities do we want to run - training/meetings, etc
7. Survey - how many responses, how many more shall we get, when to finish
8. AOB - other conferences next year? - IMAA Reading Uni - maybe a FAIR data workshop? Or meeting/discussion about open publications? 
- a. Call for sessions for the next EAA - Open science in archaeology = 11th nov abstracts.
## Notes:
### Planning docs link: 
* Spreadsheet here (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mjNTBw4iI0Aenq4nJx739YRprcAoOAP1un8tJ0ljlJk/edit?usp=sharing) 
* Project board on Github (https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIR-phytoliths/projects/2)

1. ICOPS Committee members - Zach, Maria Gabriela Musaubach, Doris
 - a. Look at the survey to invite to the committee - Jennifer Bates (Seoul), Dan Cabanes (USA), Robert Power (Germany), Charlene Prado (Canada?), Caroline Stromberg.
5. Agreed to use the general two word search and then go through and assess whether the articles meet our criteria or not. Highlight the rows in red for no and green for yes. Download each article - first 50 on the list to the folders on google drive. Record what is being done in Readme file in each regions folder.
6. Community building: Our team meetings can involve the committee from time to time - last meeting of october - good for review of our project.
- b.  Juanjo - where does the project end, the committee fit in and wider community happen? There will be  alot of meetings for us if we have to attend all of this. 
-- i.  EK - Celine and I as the paid members of the project will take on a lot of the community meetings and training events. The FAIR project and the committee - at the moment are the same thing really as this is the first project of other to happen for the committee. 
-- ii. CL - we can also have committee members help with the community meetings.
7. Survey - 48 responses - not enough - we need more people from Asia - 
 a. - Contact Gu about the survey.
 b. - Until the end of october to keep it open. 
AOB - changing the time to 3pm.



## Action points:
- CL - 10 max - invite Jennifer, Abraham Dabengwa  about ICOPS
- Juanjo and Javi - to look at search lists and download the first 50 articles from them from europe and s america - into the google drive folders.
- EK - contact Gu for asian phytolith researchers to answer the survey.
  * To plan community events/training
  * Plan first committee meeting - end of october?
  * Github training for Juanjo and Celine


### Next meeting - 1st October 2021 3pm (Spanish time)
