# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date: 18 Oct 2021 - (3pm Spanish time)
### Roll call:
* Celine
* Emma
* Javi - (away from 24th October to 9th Nov) 			
* Carla
* Juanjo
 		
### Agenda:
1. Survey 	â€“ update 	
2. To move from google docs for meeting notes to Hackmd
3. ICOPS 	Committee 	meeting 	 	
* Community building and training 	
4. Celine 	contract is completed and Binalot talk is coming this Wednesday.
5. FAIR assessment - How is extracting articles going? 
*  CK 	- How do we clearly assess that ICPN 1 or 2 nomenclature has been 	properly used ? For example some authors are using the 3rd criteria which is related to anatomy and not the descriptors. If archaeobotanists are not familiar with plant anatomy those data might be difficult to reuse.
        - Data type : Is it possible to go on a multiple choice set of 	response ? Sometimes raw data are presented with percentage or presence/absence data
 	    - Some of articles are deposited in both Academia and Research gate 	websites
 	
6. AOB 	- 
 	
7. EOSC 	Life meeting / Pangaea - any progress - GBIF extended specimen 	networks.

### Notes:

1. Javi sent survey again to the archbot email list - we need to send it on to other lists and send email to individuals.
2. Meeting notes in Hackmd from next meeting onwards so that we can sync this with Github.
3. Emma sent an email about ICOPS meeting on 3rd December - 3pm (CET).
4. Upcoming conference in December - CAA UK - same abstract as used for the OS FAIR conference about community building for FAIR. 
5. FAIR assessment
* Issue with : (6.Type of study) methodological and reference collection papers, which cover different sorts of analysis. Some reference collection papers only present pictures but do not present raw data or a DOI.(12.Processing method communication) some articles do not describe fully the protocol, for example the concentration of chemicals is missing. To be replicable, the protocole has to be fully described.
* All papers have to be treated  with the same criteria. 
* Highlight these papers in yellow on readme that are in need of moderation. Juanjo proposes to wait for the moderation meeting until the end of the assessment to meet again. 
* To have a moderation meeting first meeting back in January.
* Finish FAIR assessment by the end of December.

### Action points:
1. All - Survey - we need to send it on to other lists and send email to individuals.  
2. Emma and Celine - To set up an Hackmd account
3. Javi, Emma , Celine and Juanjo to proceed with FAIR assessment 
- Highlight in yellow any papers in need of moderation (Comments box and readme file).
- Assessment to be finished by end of December. 
- Moderation meeting in January. 
