# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date: 26 November 2021 - (3pm Spanish time)
### Roll call:
* Emma
* Juanjo
* Javi (back 15th)
* Celine

### Agenda:
1. FAIR assessment 
    * Where are we with finishing the first 100? 50 + 40
    * What does the spread of papers look like? Do we need to do more? methods papers only?
    * Issue with roadoi - resolved? - it is working again. 
    * Moderation meeting - 10th - EK can't make that meeting, 17th Dec? or Jan.
2. The [mountain of engagement for FAIR Phytos](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OVWcurkf6H4ex8sxCJAHbgGslgEPUZP6Ieor0Ab6g-o/edit?usp=sharing)
3. First ICOPS Meeting - [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UOYMDRk8RFx4YyHTDs9Vmcxk8nxBkXdtBwF9ElVPOCs/edit?usp=sharing)
4. AOB


### Notes:

1. next meeting will be 17th dec - FAIR moderation meeting.
2. Articles which are not related to archaeobotany or paleoecology should be kept in the FAIR assessment. Roadroi is working again.
3. First work thing should be publishing guidelines. 
4. Combining Emma and Juanjo - ICPN naming has been done. Think about this in the new year. - maybe this as a paper for special issue (Doris). 
* IWGP - EK I sent email x 2 - so I will send a personal email to the head of the committee. 
* IPPA - open science panel - invite any speakers. 



### Action points:

1.CK, EK and JG - to finish last 10 articles. Next meeting is 17th Dec - FAIR moderation meeting. 
* See with Carla if we need to set another group for the various methods (counting, type of study...) of the phytolith articles.
* See if we need to add more methods papers.
3. EK still to finish
4. Notes to share but please add anything else you think is needed.
5. First ICOPS meeting:
 * Each participant can shortly introduce himself.
 * The change of culture in Phytolith research can be discussed.
 * The ICOPS group should have its own Slack channel, produce a newsletter and could train the community on Git Hub.
 


### Next meeting: 17th December - (3pm Spanish time)
