# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date: 6 August 2021
## Roll call:
Emma
Juanjo - I think on holiday too
Javi
Carla
Marco - on holiday 

## Actions from last meeting:
* EK - To make changes to the data categories table ✅ - we need to discuss some of these again - nomenclature use. Adding journal names.
* EK - Redo Google form with new data categories and rearrange the questions to make it better in terms of collecting the data. ✅
* All - to decide on the next meeting - can be done on slack. ✅

## Agenda:
1. Funding update
2. Conference abstract - open science fair
3. Trial of FAIR assessment discussion and updating data categories/form - changes update
4. IMPR conference paper
5. White paper/guidelines or article for publishing open phytolith studies 
6. Planning spreadsheet (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mjNTBw4iI0Aenq4nJx739YRprcAoOAP1un8tJ0ljlJk/edit?usp=sharing) 
  * Github project board (https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIR-phytoliths/projects/2)
  * Milestones/issues/tasks(https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIR-phytoliths/issues)
7. AOB: 


## Notes:
1. EK - HE now think they have solved the issue with signing to be a beneficiary so we will try to move forward with this to make another amendment. Fingers crossed!
2. EK - OS FAIR abstract has been submitted. I’m also running a workshop for The Turing Way on collaboration and progress in that project.
3. Data categories sheet redone, now called final. But still needs extraction methods added (I think Javi has done this but I need to check) and discussion of criteria for accepting full use of nomenclature.
4. Who is speaking and what do we want to focus on? FAIR intro - steps that can be taken now, publishing phytolith studies more openly, survey and other ways of working with us on the project?
CL - General idea of FAIR, some best practices of publishing - main worries about publishing the data, uses another field as an example.
1st steps for moving towards open publishing - maybe pollen studies, examples pre-print advantages and open data advantages. 
Is Celine coming to the conference.
5. EK - I have had a few enquiries about how to publish phytolith data, code, and whole studies more openly - I think we need to write this somewhere so a short paper with our initial suggestions that then can be refined at the end of the project? 

## Action points:
EK - email Doris again about meeting for ICOPS ✅ Doris is on holiday until 17 August. 
EK - Check if Celine is signed up for the conference ✅
All - preparing IMPR conference paper. EK will share the slides she has started. Plan is intro FAIR, how project is tackling/investigating FAIR,  open publishing - show example from another field (maybe palynology), give first steps of open publishing for phytos, 

## Next meeting - 20th August 2021

