# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date:  18th February 2022  - (3pm Spanish time)
### Roll call:
* Emma
* Carla
* Juanjo 
* Javi (apologizes)
* Celine 

### Agenda:

1. FAIR assessment
2. Survey data
3. South Asian data harmonisation
4. ICOPS meeting on February 25th
5. Conference on March 23rd - EOSC-life AGM
    * signing up for that - virtual and maybe CK in person.  
6. Papers
* Research paper - survey
* Data paper
7. Fundings opportunities 
* EOSC - Future grants - RDA Open Call for Maintenance Facilities . We can apply as an organization who can provide technical tools to organise and curate, over time, Research Data alliance (RDA) outputs, One grant will be awarded for a maximum of â‚¬40.000.Deadline is set on March 15th.
* https://eoscfuture-grants.eu/provider/research-data-alliance/rda-open-call-maintenance-facilities
8. EOSC-Life report
    * Add Juanjo's impr talk - 4000 years of resilient pastoralism: the phytolith assemblage from a multiperiod habitation site in northwestern Mongolia - advertising project during talk.


 
### Notes:

1. Not much has been done in the last 2 weeks. Emma is going to clean up the documents we have been using. Celine is creating the repository for the data. We might need to check journals requirements for open practices. 
2. CL and JR - had a meeting on weds to go through the data and go through what we could do to simply the MCA. So we have picked some categories to look for correlations. Where people were based rather than where they were doing their research. Simplified the position to junior - junior post doc and student, senior post doc and above, simplified type of study past and modern studies. 
    *  [Link to analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VAmYSf9DqtHnBqKwG4omWp3tDGXll8Oi8k_qu-IocEY/edit)
    *  [Link to paper](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18X5T1lDQNbEPlHR20KJxkOlW2UmS2REFhSFZ61VCfWs/edit#heading=h.ple9r7p7d93l)
3. Emma needs to find photos to finish the comparison with Juanjo's dataset. Next step would probably be to contact people from EOSC-Life who deal with onthology problems to eplain what we are doing, ask about the porblems we have and get tips on how to move forward.
4. Next week, earlier than ususal to accomodate Doris's request.
5. EOSC-Life Annual General Meeting: we have been asked to present our project (deadline for signing up is today). CK is going to try and attend in person; we will need to check who is covering the costs.
6. IMPR paper is about archaeology papers only, we might not fit in the special issue anymore.
7. EOSC-Life might have a little bit of money left to redistribute amongst all the sub-projects.
8. Financial reports to be done by UPF. We need to add activities done to the list. 


### Action points:

1. To set up the Github repo, to clean some keys documents, CK to write down the paper.
2. JR and CL finish fine-tuning the MCA and write paper with EK (and imput from everyone). Tentative deadline 15th of May.
3. Everyone, think about where we want to submit the paper.CK is adding options to the excel list we used for the data paper.
 

  


### Next meeting:  4th March 2022 - (3pm Spanish time)
