###### tags: fair-phytos

# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date:  16 September 2022  - (3.00pm Spanish time)

### Roll call:
* Emma
* Carla
* Javi 
* Celine 
* Juanjo 

### Agenda:

1.  Papers update

* Data paper:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E0Bpq4L1H6QquMXNuwA_2bl1t_OBGENcO9OkvkULe_M/edit?usp=sharing
* EK finished editing :tada: - please now review again!
    * I am now finishing the standardised data dictionary.  
* Standardised Data Dictionary (not finished yet!): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q64wIggQs9t_iUCJVKzJzZF_78-nFjhqPZ3A0_mddoA/edit?usp=sharing
* plan for submission and pre-print/data archiving - decide some dates to get it finished.  - end of september submission. 
    * send to eosc-life for comment. 

* FAIR assessment paper - on pause for now.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vLUaTEalQcSMv4GbE2YqY_B06rMMZJuHdz-rOiZi5z8/edit?usp=sharing
* Literature review for FAIR in related fields and community FAIR approaches is ongoing.

* Analysis plan:
    * simple comparisons - change to R script.
    * find out publisher guidelines on data and FAIR for article submission.
    * Groupings - articles from different type of journals, different types of studies - does this affect FAIR/data publication?

* Survey paper 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18X5T1lDQNbEPlHR20KJxkOlW2UmS2REFhSFZ61VCfWs/edit
    * no major news
    * need to decide on new analysis

   
2. Hackathon -  4 October.
* Shared doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VryQZOdDy5IgirzuC5uSF8IL6hgpPWlUWuo-vG8GSxo/edit?usp=sharing
    * Talks - everyone ok with what they are doing. We need to encourage some co-working with rest of ICOPS members. 
    * recording the talks and then just having the discussion session for 1 hour. 
* Shall we start to discuss with IPS - ICPN nomenclatures about the work held on phytolith ontologies with EOSC-life?

* EK and CK - put videos on youtube - playlist for october event. 
 
3.  Conferences - talks need archiving on Zenodo. 

 - CAA - done! and went well.
 - EAA - done! and went very well - concept paper
 - IPPA - 7-12th November - CK update?

4. AOB

### Notes:

1.Possible timelines for submission:
    * Survey paper - end of September
    * and data paper - end of September
2.
3.
4.
5.

### Action points:
1. Papers
    * Survey: Carla and Javi - discuss possible new analysis. Carla - finish the discussion
    * Data paper: please all review again if you have time. 
    * EK - send Marco an email to get him to look at it.
    * Also send to EOSC life. 
2. EK - doing oa slides and script by monday
    * JJ - review on monday then EK english recording and JJ - spanish. Send to others as an example. 
    * CK and EK - to upload videos to youtube by 27th Sept. 
4. 
5.
6. 


### Next meeting: 30th September (3pm Spanish time)
