# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date:  18th March 2022  - (3pm Spanish time)
### Roll call:
* Emma
* Carla
* Javi 
* Celine 
* Juanjo (apologies)

### Agenda:

1. Survey and data papers
    
2. South Asian data harmonisation - Meeting with Henriette is set on March 29th at 1 pm UK time 2 pm Spanish time.

3. FAIR assessment data summary

4. Conferences 
* CK is going to present our project achievements to the EOSC Life AGM on March 23rd
    - EOSC Life AGM presentation is on our google drive here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JT1DAJCw5VOis2nGU7Q98Hc01njC4-Z3/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=105111274257661121211&rtpof=true&sd=true 
     
* CAA - Oxford, August 8-11th - Deadline to submit an abstract or a poster is set on March 21st 
   https://2022.caaconference.org/call-for-papers-and-posters/
   Here is the link to EK's draft    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ai8I6606isBP_zOfY9payeVGGv3b1OCFEiikBrDeomw/edit
   CK - to candidate to EAA fundings 

5. Fundings
* EK - I saw something about funding in the EOSC-life  AGM agenda. - I am going to try to attend most of it virtually to find out more. 
* The Einstein Foundation Award - Deadline is set on April 30th
https://www.einsteinfoundation.de/en/award/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=internal&utm_campaign=einsteinaward&utm_content=einsteinaward 
We can apply as a small team for small teams of early career researchers. We need to submit a letter of motivation, a project proposal, as well as a CV and a list of relevant publications for each team member. Award is â‚¬200,000 

6. Planning document - need agreement on rough timescales for all tasks - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mjNTBw4iI0Aenq4nJx739YRprcAoOAP1un8tJ0ljlJk/edit?usp=sharing
 
### Notes:

1. Survey paper: Abel (UPF PhD student) suggested multidimensional analysis before MCA, dimension reduction techniques, useful when there are a lot of variables.
    * CK - progressing with the repository and draft of paper.
2. CL issue with morphotypes that are not in the both nomenclatures but can be named after the code descriptors
    * JR - try to follow the codes and then learn about how that works. 
3. CK's talk is Wednesday morning at 9.15 and can be followed on zoom.
    * There is a session on funding aimed at projects that are similar to WP3 - EK will try to attend.
    * CK is going to be our face at the meeting, networking and representing the group (no pressure ;-)
5. CK - to candidate to EAA funding grant to participate to the conference.
    * Einstein Foundation: individual award for small groups. EOSC agreed to provide a support letter but they might not be eligible (check). CK will ask to EOSC-Future. EK will ask Professor Carol Goble (data management sustainability). Someone from teh IPS to show support within discipline (?). Ben Marwick as open science (?). Maybe Dorian Fuller or Martin K Jones (?). As Malvika if she knows anyone in the Mozilla project (?). Kirsty Whittaker at the Alan Turing Institute (?).
    * Two former trainees? Maybe MM has some? And EK has had a few students the past year so she can ask someone.
    * Nominations needs to be made by someone outside the group. Maybe Malvika? EK will ask around at Touring as someone might have had the grant before

 

### Action points:

1. 
2.  
3.
4.
5. Have a look at the application guidelines and rules for the Einstein Award so that we can figure out who will our nominator be and who can be our referees.
  
### Next meeting:  1st April 2022 - (3pm Spanish time)
