## Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
### Date: 10th June 2022 - (3pm Spanish time)

### Roll call:

* Emma
* Celine 
* Juanjo
* Carla 

Apologized
* Javi - Away from 15th May to 11th July

### Agenda:

1. EK will present the FAIR project updates at the EOSC-Life WP3 TC on the 4th of July at 2pm CEST
* EK and CK - have drafted this - see [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GFFvi2ZS6_4zqll1-htxTxUcerF1vG8A/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=105111274257661121211&rtpof=true&sd=true)

2. Papers update
* FAIR assessment paper
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vLUaTEalQcSMv4GbE2YqY_B06rMMZJuHdz-rOiZi5z8/edit?usp=sharing
* machine readable versus human readable metadata - Wilkinson paper

* Data paper
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E0Bpq4L1H6QquMXNuwA_2bl1t_OBGENcO9OkvkULe_M/edit?usp=sharing
   

3. ICOPS - upcoming ICOPS meeting - 1st July 2022

*  The open phytolith guidelines will be discussed and finalised as Doris will be present. 
* We thought of proposing a Hackathon to better catch up with our phytolith community maybe in October?
- OLS-5 is ending, we decided to present our GitHub repo/web page:
     * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kYz0G95RrYdL_UGO2GRrG5rw4XDMqj_byZGGKiLkuTM/edit
     * https://openphyto.netlify.app/es/
     *  https://github.com/malvikasharan/hugo-page-test

5. South Asian data harmonisation - on hold as we are all busy.

6. Ontology CK to pursue the ICPN integration on Docker and OLS with Henriette Harmse on June 14th. Maybe there will be a way to integrate the South Asian data there?

7. Fundings
* CK to start the OBF Event Fellowship Application 2022 for funding her participation to IPPA congress 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fCrJltxIkfJ6jt5bCWZyDpM5UKLdPbhmx-3xuL6y-vo/edit#

### Notes:
1.
2. To create a google form check list for researchers to assess themselves
    * results form with detailed results for each part of fair - maybe percentages overall and then for each letter and also suggestions and links of how to improve. 
3. To discuss during the ICOPS meeting the modality and standards of asessing the papers  
5. 
6.
7.


### Action points:
1. CK and EK to meet next Friday to work on the data paper
2.
3. 
4. 
5. To let the South Asian data harmonisation for a while
6.

AOB -    

### Next meeting: 23rd (Thursday, 24th is a day off) June 2022 - (3pm Spanish time)
