# Meeting Notes FAIR Phytoliths Project
## Date: 21 January 2022 - (3pm Spanish time)
### Roll call:
* Emma
* Carla
* Juanjo
* Javi
* Celine

### Agenda:
### Project review session

1. To define everyone's role in our upcoming actions.

2. FAIR assessment 
    * Do we all agree with the data saturation made by CL?
        * agreed that we have collected enough data.
    * Do we need to make more changes about counting method and study type?
        * all changes made from moderation meeting.
        * oa status added but small checks still needed. 
        * take out in research gate/academia column for analysis but leave in raw dataset.

* archive the final raw data - saving it and then depositing it in github repo/zenodo. 
* data paper - where should we publish.
    * scientific data agreed. - CK to start draftibg this.
    
3. FAIR community 
* CL - looked at the data saturation and tried MCA analysis. Any suggestions on what type of data combination are welcomed.
* Javi - suggests 
    * to remove "descriptive" categories such as Gender or Based from the MCA analysis and visualise them later in the plot using colors or shapes, or by adding them as supplementary variables, so we can focus the analysis on the "open science answers" and then check if there is a pattern according to the "descriptive answers".
    * to start simplifying our variables a little bit (for example, there are four SoftAnalysis variables that can be merged into one and classify the answers into open source software versus closed software).
    * CL - have added open some and open all for this. 

* analysis plan - github repository for that - JR, CL

* Intro and Survey article

* A GitHub session date is set on February 11th to train the ICOPS and the phytolith community members. EK and CK are working on this.

4. Papers 

* EK - write first draft of intro FAIR IMPR paper and then circulate to team. 
* EK and JGG - to look at south asian data harmonisation.
* CK - to present all the possible journal where we can publish our data paper for the FAIR assessment.
    * Open Research Europe - Data Note - Free for us
    * Scientific Data - Nature - Data Descriptor - cost 1,790 euros but UPF can pay the APC.


5. Participation to conferences in 2022
*  EK received an answer from IWGP organizers (Deadline to submit an abstract is on January 31th). As Juanjo is already going, should we submit a poster?
    *  submit an abstract - EK look into when this is.
    *  poster - ask about when this will be. 
*  EAA Conference (August 31st - September 3rd), should we submit a poster or a presentation? (Deadline is set on February 10th) - 325 - open archaeology and heritage session. 
    *  check about how many first author papers - Carla and Celine.
*  CAA - August -> call is open for that. 
    *  EK
  
6.  AOB


### Notes:

1.
2. CK - To write down the data paper on a shared google doc. and to set up a dedicated github repository.
3. Some results from the survey can be added to the introductionary paper, but we still need to wait for IMPR to feedback us about the article format.
4. All - To speak of fundings in our next meeting
5.
6.
7.


### Action points:

1. EK, JJ and CL to meet on  Friday 28th  for the South Asian data harmonisation.
2. CL to put the R code use on Github
3. CK to reach out to the Chinese researchers who cannot fill out the google form to attend the Github training session.
4. To promote the ICOPS actions from our own Research Gate pages.
5. EK to see if she can go to IWGP conference.
6. CK and CL to work on an abstract for EAA conference.
  

### Next meeting:  4th February 2022 - (3pm Spanish time)
