# Meeting notes June 2021

* [18 June 2021](#date-18-june-2021)
* [Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)

**When?:** Fridays at 9am (BST)/10am (CET)

**How often:** Every 2 weeks

**Next meeting:**  18 June 2021



## Date: 18 June 2021

### Roll call:

### Agenda:
1. Meeting notes folder
2. Survey release
3. People folder
4. Update on job applications
5. Planning start of project - FAIR assessment, other tasks, article planning, use of issues/pull requests and milestones for tracking.
6. Conference - [Open Science FAIR](https://www.opensciencefair.eu/) - deadline for submission is [26th July 2021](https://www.opensciencefair.eu/call-for-posters-demos-2021).
7. Onboarding - Github training material.
8. AOB

### Notes:
1. Meeting notes folder 
2. Survey release - The survey has been released and advertised on IPS in a blog, forum, and mailing lists (AEA and archaeobotany) - 25 responses part 1 and 16 part 2.
3. People folder 
4. Update on job applications - 6 applications were submitted and we have met to discuss them. 3 candidates have been selected for interview on 22nd June 2021. CL has emailed them to confirm this. We are working on  
5. Planning start of project - What tasks do we need to do now? Who is going to do them? Milestones/work packages, FAIR assessment (methodology, trial and setup), survey, article planning, use of issues/pull requests and milestones for tracking.
6. Conference - [Open Science FAIR](https://www.opensciencefair.eu/) - deadline for submission is [26th July 2021](https://www.opensciencefair.eu/call-for-posters-demos-2021).
7. Onboarding - Github training material.
8. AOB



### Action points:



[Template]
## Date: 

### Roll call:

### Agenda:

### Notes:

### Action points:
