**When?:** Fridays at 9am (BST)/ 10am (CET)

**How often:** Every 2 weeks

**Next meeting:**  

### Date: 9 July 2021

### Roll call:
* Emma Karoune
* Juanjo
* Javi
* Carla
* Marco

### Agenda:
* Funding update
* Postdoc job update
* Conference abstract - open science fair
* Trial of FAIR assessment discussion and updating data categories/form
* Planning spreadsheet (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mjNTBw4iI0Aenq4nJx739YRprcAoOAP1un8tJ0ljlJk/edit?usp=sharing) 
  * Github project board (https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIR-phytoliths/projects/2)
  * Milestones/issues/tasks(https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIR-phytoliths/issues)

### Notes:

#### Actions from last meeting:

* Contact people we know about the survey to advertise it more.
* EK - set up the google form ✅
* Choosing a paper and having a go at the data categories using the google form ✅
* Carla - sending emails to non-selected candidates ✅ Augustina and other? 
* EK sent email to Fernando, Zach
* Also sent an offer email.
* Interviewing candidates for the postdoc job ✅
* EK - Email Doris about meeting to discuss IPS committee ✅

1. HE is having problem signing the agreement with EOSC so all the money will go to UPF and then we will find a way of either transfer the money or employ Emma here. Eventually HE could be added to the list of beneficiaries if the problem is solved and they are able to join the consortium.
2. Zach and Camilla have been notified. Zach responded confirming his intention to take part in the project nonetheless. Camilla still has not replied to the offer. We are holding back contacting Celine till after Camilla gives us an answer.
3. Abstract has been seen by all and will be submitted.
4. Several changes to the actual form:
* Add name of the person assessing the paper so that miscategorisaztion can be corrected
* Journal: list of titles to avoid different spelling
* Authors: changed to reference (and merged with title), choosing one style of reference to keep consistency
* Add a category on type of study (archaeology, paleoenv., botany etc) as a multiple choice list.
* Period/date: leave open field where we record whatever it is in the paper (usually in the abstract).
* Geography: just country (when multiple, list with comma).
* Data location: simplify to in text, in repo, in sup mat, no data and move this question together with other data questions.
* Data availability: only referred to raw data - any other type of availability (e.g. the slides as in the China paper) is considered none but it should be registered in the noted
* Open access: gold and green (just yes-no). Use google extension ‘unpaywall’ to check for the existence of green open access
* Academia/res gate: Ok but need to go in a different category.
* Data repo: add none and move all data questions together
* Nomenclature fully used: look for specific markers (e.g. globular/spheroid, long/elongate, etc.) and if the answer is no record in the note what marker pointed you to answer no.
* Pictures: none, significant, all (for all check the number of morphotypes in table -if available- or just look to how may pictures there are and what type - assume that if they have several pictures of general morphotypes they probably put pictures of everything). No need to  state whether they are in the paper or in sup mat etc.
* Extraction protocol: summary in paper, full in the paper (text/supplementary), in a repo, one specific reference (e.g. Katz et al. xxxx), generic/multiple references (e.g. Piperno 2006 or more than one reference).
* Extraction method (specific): we probably do not need to have this as the important thing is to know whether the extraction is replicable or not and that is done with the previous question.
* Counting method/instruments: we need to decide what we mean by fully described. Counting: change question to ‘is counting method replicable?’ meaning if I could get the same slide would I be able to replicate exactly what they have done? Instrument: must have type of microscope (SEM, transmitted-light, digital, etc.) and magnification (if they have microscope/camera/software model better but not essential).
* Statistics: eliminate the type of statistics done and just ask about the software used.
5. Not had time to cover this agenda item so we will do this in the next meeting. 


### Action points:

* EK - to submit abstract for Open Science FAIR conference.
* EK to update google form and rearrange questions, and do final data category document.
* All to decide on the next meeting. 

