OLS-3 Meeting Minutes: Towards FAIRer phytolith data + Emma Karoune
===

## Information
- **Call time**: [9.00am GMT and 10.00am CET]
- **Project name**: [Towards FAIRer phytolith data]
- **Project lead(s)**: [Javier Ruiz Pérez, Juan José García-Granero, Carla Lancelotti, Marco Madella]
- **Mentor(s)**: [Emma Karoune]
- **Call joining link**: [Zoom link: https://turing-uk.zoom.us/j/93871752177?pwd=VFFuM1ZrODdFQnpuVVJsTWp3aDMxUT09] (e.g. Zoom, hangouts). (Agree on this during/before your first meeting!, see details here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3#resources)
:::

## Week 0

- Please read the email sent by OLS organisers to you
- Create a [GitHub account](https://github.com/) if you don't have one already - you will need that to login to HackMD and edit this document
- Get started with HackMD using this short guide: https://hackmd.io/@openlifesci/OLS-HackMD-guide

**Preferred time and days provided by the project lead(s)** 
- We have the following information from the project leads (you can make changes as needed so that your mentor can identify the most suitable time for your intro call with them):

### Homework before meeting your mentor

**Project Lead (mentee) will:**

1. Take a Self-Assessment [SURVEY](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wyVqzMSF_8fsKc-kAtmW0fLTqwmqMH90xFL3FYGgrUs/edit?usp=sharing) and share the outcome with their mentors during the call.
   - Carla Lancelotti [Survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MnCc5kVq7nV98Q2eOZlE3WOyQPnwgl0u9N_IEM7rVD0/edit#) :smile: 
   - Javier [Survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uD6Euh_GHD1D3sWPv3hJEcKpZe6fN_PXZeZmvbOs0iQ/edit?usp=sharing) :smile: 
2. Based on the insights gained from the survey, set 1-2 personal open science goals for yourself in OLS (it doesn't have to be about your project).
   - CL: build for participation and inclusion AND create "protocols" for feedback loops, connect contributor/user, project sustainability.
   - Javier: improve design for understanding; identify new skills to build projects for open participation
3. State how their mentors can best support them in OLS (providing accountability, connect them with right people, share useful resources, specific skill they can help them gain either directly or with the help of OLS experts)
   - CL: share useful resources and provide specific skills.
   - Javier: providing resources/skills and connecting people

## Week 1

**Roll call**

- Emma K
- Juanjo
- Carla
- Javi
- Marco

**Attendees**

- Emma K
- Carla
- Javi
- Juanjo 


**Apologies**
- Marco

### Agenda and Notes for Week-1

- Introductions - get to know each other
  - Emma - Alan Turing Institute job part time and rest of time for this project and other research, also home-schooling. 
  - link to [The Turing Way](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/welcome)

- Mentees, tell your mentor about yourself
  - Juanjo - busy with work, finding it hard to make time at the moment.
  - Carla - busy with research project, lots of admin.
  - Javi - PhD student submitted - looking for postdoc calls. Has time at the moment to focus on this project.

- Personal training goal/needs of team
-CL - skills for bringing in other people/community building. More advanced Github skills.
-Javier - Github skills/technical skills/lowest score in build.
    - community building.
-Juanjo - basic Github and technical tools upskilling. 

- Set your overall goals for your project

Application link [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ldFLWqR_bIRXwXZmXLzRUSPZsHI1VNiEpCVv7r6BAg8/edit?usp=sharing)

**Outcomes from application:**
1. The creation of a survey to gather information about data sharing practices within the phytolith community.
2. Opening a repository on GitHub to function as a collaborative workspace for the project.
3. Designing a webpage, using GitHub, to advertise and promote the project to the phytolith community.
*4. Create a protocol for phytolith (raw) data publication and sharing.*

- Where do you want your project to be by the end of the program (in 15 weeks)? Possible areas to think about:
  - Community: Prepare community survey 
  - Product - Organisational Github repository and website.
  - Resources / Sustainability (Governance / Funding / Gifts) - project is waiting for the results of a funding application due around 22nd Feb 2021.
  - 
  - Javi - need to decide how we are going to work on survey and github repo
  - EK - Let's leave this to the next mentor meeting and then we can decide. But suggesting we set up a google drive for our organisation to use as storage of shared docs.
- Mentees, discuss your notes from your homework

**Meeting logistics & Reminders**

- Does this time every 2 weeks work for everyone? - yes and also any co-working at the same time.
- Full cohort call next week (see Syllabus for details: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3)

**Assignments after this call**

- Draft a brief **vision statement** using your personal and project goals. You might address:
  - The problem you’re trying to solve.
  - How you think openness and open leadership will help solve it.
  - How meeting your personal goals will help you and help solve the problem.
  - How meeting your cultural goals for your community, organization, or project will help solve the problem.
  - Add your vision statement to your repo by uploading it or copy and pasting it into your README document.
  - Anything else?

Emma's vision statement from OLS2 [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11FfjmqXYKOzuCDScvUNVPyOhEvSkxsqu/view?usp=sharing)
Javier's vision statement for OLS-3 [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j9vMeSNTaJtaEx3etZNebnAlcegJ57dw/view?usp=sharing)
Carla's vision statement for OLS-3 [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VMJ8v7txLyv4AqFkmA_QyeZPCXdkWR1tpxSo7v0QuGA/edit)
 
*Follow this [chapter from the Open Leadership Training Series (OLTS)](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/introduction-to-open-leadership/stating-your-project-vision/) to create your vision statement.*




## Week 3

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-03

**Roll call**

- Emma
- Carla
- Marco
- Javier


### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-04

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL

- Open an issue on ols-3 repo where you will be able to track you progress in this cohort: https://github.com/open-life-science/ols-3/issues/30

    * EK - Well done Javier for setting up the new ICOPS github account. :smiley: and starting the issue on the OLS-3 repo!
- Complete the compare and contrast assignment about current and desired community interactions and value exchanges.
    - Javier's assignment [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16m6IiO6OxvXQaE7owGyXF3MCMref9H47pqF24_iHDSI/edit?usp=sharing)
- Start working on your Open Canvas ([instructions](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/opening-your-project/develop-an-open-project-strategy-with-open-canvas/), canvas). [Shared canvas here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LgaD3NlWv3_8RI9MWeWvR8hORewO2sh5-mlL7ekqBEI/edit?usp=sharing)
- Reflection exercise on your role as a mentee and a project leader in ols-3
    - Javier's exercise [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U_pJJVkSYuCE_ahqk5QMrWWF-ozgdf6SshkD2-CsgCA/edit?usp=sharing)

### Agenda and Notes

- Establish a check-in ritual and try it. (2-3 minutes)
(Examples: weather check (my project feels like a blustery wind right now), .gif share, video share)
    -  general discussion of how our weeks have been.

- Establish a culture of gratitude ritual (if you have not already). (2-3 minutes)
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and any progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
1. The creation of a survey to gather information about data sharing practices within the phytolith community.
    * this has been discussed.
3. Opening a repository on GitHub to function as a collaborative workspace for the project.
    * this is in progress.
4. Designing a webpage, using GitHub, to advertise and promote the project to the phytolith community.

- Review your assignments from last week, reflect on where in your project are they applicable. (10 minutes)
    - *Discussion on Open Canvas*:
        -  Problem and solution sections: trying to understand why phytolith community might be reluctant to share data and what possible solution we can propose (e.g. set up a set of instructions for editorial boards of journals that publish phytolith on what is raw data and how to request authors to publish it with their papers).
        -  Contributors and User profiles: break down in the subcommunities (Archaeology and Paleoecology). Contributors might be seen as researcher who are already on-board with open science and possibly someone established. PhDs and ECRs group possibly will be the early adopters.
        -  Contributor and user channels: mailing list (Phytalk) might not be active anymore. Need to check about the forum on the IPS webpage. Is forum open or does one need to be member of the society? Messages in several languages (english, spanish, french?). This could be done in a collaborative way similar to the Turing way. Conferences: IMPR-Environmental Archaeology - prepare one slide to be put at the end of presentation re. phytoliths with all the information on how to participate. Twitter campaign with a unified message to be sent out periodically once we have the website and the survey set up. Slack: having people joining in open channels to discuss things (for example a channel on the survey).
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    - GitHub set up as a project
        - Website will be host on GitHub
    - Quick walkthorugh on how to work with GitHub, how to set up repos, how to create branches and why, how to set up contributors and their roles etc.


- Discuss if your mentor should help identify experts to invite to one of the future mentor meetings (2-3 minutes).
    - Use these question to brainstorm this section: Do we need an expert at any stage? Which week they might likely be useful? Which area do we need expert advice?
    - (your notes)
 
- Anything else:
    - We needed to discuss the vision statement but had no time during the call. We decided to keep this slot open on Fridays (10-11 CET) to discuss of open issues/idea/problems etc.

**Goal for the next week is to set up a new repo for FAIR phytos and add us all as contributors**

### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-04

**Assignments before the next cohort call**

1. Share the image/link on your GitHub issue
2. Look up at least two other projects in the issues and comment on their issues with feedback on their vision statement.
3. [Start your Roadmap](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/opening-your-project/start-your-project-roadmap/) and comment on your issue with your draft Roadmap. [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xUGm7Z83zEuNzXxr2qqH94kMD8OH-lSUXLuCytdqqmM/edit?usp=sharing)
* Emma roadmap link [here](https://github.com/EKaroune/Open-Science-in-Phytolith-Research/blob/master/Roadmap.md) 
5. Review notes from last cohort call to see if there was something else that was mentioned as homework or assignment


## Week 5

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-05

**Roll call**

- Emma 
- Carla
- Javier
- Marco

### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-04

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL
- Create a GitHub repository for your project. [Link here](https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIRer_phytoliths)
- Use your canvas to start writing a README.md file, or landing page, for your project. [Link here](https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIRer_phytoliths/blob/main/README.md)
- Add an open license to your repository as a file called LICENSE.md. [Link here](https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIRer_phytoliths/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
- Add a Code of Conduct to your repository as a file called [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIRer_phytoliths/blob/new_code_of_conduct/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)


### Agenda and Notes

- Check-in ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Gratitude ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
    -  Repo progress? code of conduct, documentation for community management (vision, how we are working, how we want other people to contribute)
    -  Survey (2 parts: how we share data right now and what and how ppl are willing to contribute)

- Review your progress in last weeks and what you would like to present in the your final calls. (10 minutes)
    -  Created first version of CoC and started editing the READme.
    -  Thinking about how do we want people to contribute to the project (giudelines on how to add things to the repo, pull requests, ho new ppl can join etc)
    -  Slack channel as a way to get new ppl involved
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Any expert to invite to the future mentor meetings (2-3 minutes).
    - 
 
- Anything else:
    -  TO DO:
        -  finish README
        -  write contribution guidelines
        -  start survey
        - Send email to IPS about email list.

### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-06

**Assignments before the next cohort call**
- https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-04


## Week 7

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-07

**Roll call**

- Emma
- Carla
- Javier

- Marco sends his apologises.

### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-06

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL

### Agenda and Notes

- Check-in ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Gratitude ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
* **Project goal are:**
1. The creation of a survey to gather information about data sharing practices within the phytolith community.
2. Opening a repository on GitHub to function as a collaborative workspace for the project.
3. Designing a webpage, using GitHub, to advertise and promote the project to the phytolith community.

    -  (your notes)

- Review your progress in last weeks and what you would like to present in the your final calls. (10 minutes)
    -  survey has been started and comments have been added.
        - we went through this in the meeting.
    -  Roadmap is being edited and finalised.
    -  Readme file is completed.
    -  Code of conduct is completed.
    -  Creating an email list - all keep adding to the list.
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    -  this is done above.

- Any expert to invite to the future mentor meetings (2-3 minutes).
    -  (your notes)
    -  What expert help do we need at the moment?
    -  
    -  Esther Plomp? - Data management expert/FAIR

- Anything else:
    -  

### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-08

**Assignments before the next cohort call**
- CHECK HERE: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-06


## Week 9

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-09

**Roll call**

- Emma
- Carla
- Javier

### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-08

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL

### Agenda and Notes

- Check-in ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Gratitude ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your progress in last weeks and what you would like to present in the your final calls. (10 minutes)
    -  Survey
        -  [Part 1](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1OHGQEZrTZIGdWPud3S-UEQrSUVZ9OYrYwcFPxKUGpDk/edit)
        -  [Part 2](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11f1Q9-oYOVQMfEXx8kigCsHeRJeV9s7gFmQAlqLCX8Y/edit)
    -  [Web](https://open-phytoliths.github.io/FAIRer_phytoliths/)
        -  [name=Emma] Let's book in a time to go over how to setup a remote theme website so it is more interactive and does not need the links to the github repo for CoC and contributor guide.
    -  [List of labs](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vwf58CGDXpikwd6p8eE1Jbg1wdH6ycPqHWXHA9ap2fw/edit#gid=0)
    -  Authorship (consortium?)
    -  we talked about crediting the core group, other contributors and also the community.
_ The International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) has a clear set of guidelines for medical science (Ref: http://www.icmje.org/recommendations/browse/roles-and-responsibilities/defining-the-role-of-authors-and-contributors.html) that is also used more widely in other scientific disciplines journals. The criteria is fairly narrow for authorship and sets out four criteria that must all be met to be deemed an author on the paper:

* Significant involvement in the study design, data collection or analysis.
* Involvement in drafting or revising the manuscript.
* Approval of the final version of the manuscript.
* Responsibility for accuracy and integrity of all aspects of research.
If all these criteria are not met then these contributors can only be added to the acknowledgements.
    -  [Logo](https://i.imgur.com/YiGfzJx.jpg)
    -  [Advertisment slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1oKKvrTBxNDhOJ6JGdITTY9FMz1yaeqAd/edit#slide=id.p2)
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    -  (your notes)
 
- Any expert to invite to the future mentor meetings (2-3 minutes).
    -  [name=Emma] I have contacted Esther Plomp and she can come to our next mentor meeting on 23rd April. I have sent her the links to the survey so she will probably send some feedback before that.

- Anything else:
    -  (your notes)

**To do list:**

* CL - to send survey to lab group for testing and workon lab list.
* EK - to add authorship guidelines/criteria to contributors guide and work on lab list.
* JR - concentrate on his viva.


### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-10

**Assignments before the next cohort call**
- CHECK HERE: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-08


## Week 11

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-11

### Expert call with Esther Plomp

**Roll call**

- Emma
- Expert Guest - Esther Plomp :star-struck: 
- Carla
- Marco


**Apologises**

* Javier - has a job interview


## Introductions
* Esther
* Carla
* Marco


* Going through the survey with Esthers comments
    * structure of the survey as two - may not get people to answer some of the questions.
    * Can you make the questions mandatory so they are answered as some may be miss off by mistake.
    * It is a clear survey overall.
    * Make more clear by posting examples of data repositories as people may not be aware what they are. 
    * Are there data repositories for phytoliths?
* Marco - could use neotome/pangea - phytocore - not a repository but they may think that it is?

* Carla - We chose two separate surveys as we felt that that people might not give their attentions. 
    * personal data could be default and then a link to the next survey.

Or - personal info is not mandatory and all other fields are mandatory.

* Carla - asked her phytolith group to do it - two have done it. 
    * Comments - No option to have no papers published.
    * More about wider publishing - how would you like to publish your paper.
    * Where do you conduct your research - did not understand that wording.

* No publications - group together the questions they would go on to.
* MM - different set of questions/opinion questions.
 
* CL - we decided to use google forms because with uni account as gdpr as not as easy to see the blocks of questions.

* add question on inclusivity?
* Do you think the phytolith community is inclusive? supportive? - general question  

Here are the links to the surveys with changes as per today's comments:
 * [Part 1](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1OHGQEZrTZIGdWPud3S-UEQrSUVZ9OYrYwcFPxKUGpDk/edit)
 * [Part 2](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11f1Q9-oYOVQMfEXx8kigCsHeRJeV9s7gFmQAlqLCX8Y/edit)




### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-10

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL

### Agenda and Notes

- Check-in ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Gratitude ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
- * **Project goal are:**
1. The creation of a survey to gather information about data sharing practices within the phytolith community - **nearly finished**
2. Opening a repository on GitHub to function as a collaborative workspace for the project - :heavy_check_mark:  
3. Designing a webpage, using GitHub, to advertise and promote the project to the phytolith community - **need to book a session with EK to go over this. But a basic wesbite is now up.**

- Review your progress in last weeks and what you would liek to present in the your final calls. (10 minutes)
    -  had a quick chat about the presentation.
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    -  authorship guidelines have been added, commented on by Javier and Carla and now merged. All-contributors bot has been uploaded to repo.
 
- Any expert to invite to the future mentor meetings (2-3 minutes).
    -  We did this today with Esther Plomp. - thanks so much to her for her comments on our survey.

- Anything else:
    -  (your notes)

### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-12

**Assignments before the next cohort call**
- CHECK HERE: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-10


## Week 13

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-13

**Roll call**

- Emma
- Carla
- Javier

### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-12

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL

### Agenda and Notes

- Check-in ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Gratitude ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
1. The creation of a survey to gather information about data sharing practices within the phytolith community - :heavy_check_mark: 
2. Opening a repository on GitHub to function as a collaborative workspace for the project - :heavy_check_mark:  
3. Designing a webpage, using GitHub, to advertise and promote the project to the phytolith community - we had a session on this last week and we have finished the website :heavy_check_mark: 

- Review your progress in last weeks and what you would like to present in the your final calls. (10 minutes)
    -  website session done and now ready to go.
    -  Survey changes made after meeting with Esther and getting feedback from students.
    -  Presentation progress - any help needed?
    -  See Emma's OLS2 presentation [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eu3zD9YbLeafOBG9MsXJdnZLiygIWsL2glCsvcQfUDQ/edit?usp=sharing)
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    -  (your notes)
 
- Any expert to invite to the future mentor meetings (2-3 minutes).
    -  Done

- Anything else:
    -  (your notes)

### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-14

**Assignments before the next cohort call**
- CHECK HERE: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-12


## Week 15: Final ols-3 mentor-mentee call

- Agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-15

**Roll call**

- Emma
- Carla
- Javier


### Before this call

- review notes from the cohort call linked here: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-14

**Links to your assignments to share with your mentor**
ADD LINKS TO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS MENTIONED IN THE LAST COHORT CALL

### Agenda and Notes

- Check-in ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  Weather chat!

- Gratitude ritual. (2-3 minutes)
    -  (your notes)

- Review your goals and progress you’ve made towards them. Any challenges to mention? (5 minutes)
    -  All done - super amazing work - :star-struck: 

- Review your progress in last weeks and what you would liek to present in the your final calls. (10 minutes)
    -  [Graduation presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1emRZDrI_HXb-aGhCyRmr3Qq5tXO3JAk6tPZs7q4Phh8/edit?ts=609e8e71#slide=id.p).
 * Presentation is in the Thursday 5-6pm session.
 
- Review your GitHub repo and get any help you need adding your content developed through the assignment from last week (5-10 minutes)
    -  Looking good - repo set up with Readme file, contributing guide, CoC, authorship guide and webpage set up. Super work! :star2: 
    -  [name=Carla] - Translation of the Github repository - I have seen tranlation on the all-contributors bot page. Can we use this?
    -  Also using the contributors bot - can you change someones contribution once it is set up?
    -  [name=Emma] - I don't think so but I will ask Malvika about this. - You can add more for the same person. I also suggest that we set up people folders for each person that is contributing to the project. We can also use Github actions to make this into a displayed form/checklist. 
 
- Final wrap up, reflections and gratitude exchange!
    -  We are now moving forward with the FAIR Phytoliths project - Yeah :tada: after receiving funding from EOSC-Life. This will begin at the beginning of July.
* Planning for project start:
    -  Releasing the survey
        -  EK - to finish the blog/email that can be sent out to mailing lists and on the iPS website.
        - CL - check survey and send final links on slack to be put into the email/nlog post.
        - SEnd out to IPS blog, IPS forum, Mailing lists: archaeobotany, environmental archaeology, PalaeoSIG,  and also twitter.
    - People folder:
        - JR - to set up the people folder and template for us all to add our details.
    - Meeting notes:
        - EK - set up a meeting folder to archive OLS 3 notes and to use as a template for future meetings.
    - Next meeting is 18th June (9am BST/10am EST) - using the same link.   

### After this call

**Next week: Cohort call**

Final Graduation!

- Shedule, time and agenda: https://openlifesci.org/ols-3/schedule/#week-16

**Assignments before the next cohort call**
- None
